OpenGov Links Learn - Maintain (#4746)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain/maintain-guides-opengov.md

:::info OpenGov is not live on Polkadot yet

> OpenGov is already deployed on Kusama Network. For background information about OpenGov see the
> [dedicated pages](../learn/learn-opengov.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenGov is already deployed on Kusama Network. For background information about OpenGov, please refer to this
[dedicated Wiki document](../learn/learn-opengov.md).
```
